index.md, before:

## Overview 
(taken from [here](https://courses.ics.hawaii.edu/ics314f21/morea/final-project/reading-project-company-connector.html) as a starting point)  
_The problem_: Many UH computer science and engineering students want to learn about internship and job opportunities, but currently they must wait until a company decides to visit the campus or send out some sort of announcement. There is no efficient way for students to understand the “landscape” of internship and job opportunities that might be available in the future, so they can prepare for them now.  

_The solution_: The Company Connector web application provides a new way for local and non-local companies who want to recruit students from UH to make their (potential) opportunities known to students. At the same time, students can create profiles on the site with their interests. The site can match students to employers and vice-versa.  

## Approach
Instead of sending out announcements each year, a company can create a page in the site that lists:  

- A brief overview of the company.
- Geographic location of the company.
- A list of positions that they commonly recruit for from new UH graduates. Each position has a brief description, a set of skills, whether it’s an internship, permanent position, or both, how many people they would like to hire, and salary range.
- Links to pages for additional information.
- Contact email(s) for followup.

Students who visit the site can create a profile with their interests (skills), preferred geographic location, and link to their professional portfolio page.  

Admins can monitor the site for inappropriate content, and create new categories of musical tastes, capabilities, and goals.  

Some mockup pages include:

- Landing page
- Student home page.
- Company home page
- Admin home page
- Student profile page.
- Company profile page
- Browse companies and users by skill, geographic preference, etc.

## User Guide


### Landing page
The landing page is the first page presented to the user. Helps with vistor to understand the features of the site.

### Student home page
The student home page is the page presented to the user who logged in as a student.

### Company home page
The company home page is the page presented to the user who logged in as a recruiter. 

### Admin home page
The admin home page is the page for the admin.

### Student profile page
The student profile page is a page presented to the user with list of the profiles of students.

### Company profile page
The company profile page is a page presented to the user with a list of the profiles of the company with descriptions.

### Browse companies and users by skill, geographic preference
The page where users can search the companies by skills and geographic preference. 


## Use case ideas
Whether or not the following bullet points list all pages or not, the completed use case should show an end-to-end scenario of using the system.

- New user goes to landing page, logs in, gets home page, sets up profile. (How do they learn how system works?)
- Admin goes to landing page, logs in, gets home page, edits site.
- User goes to landing page, logs in, finds companies with compatible interests, contacts them.

## Beyond the basics
After implementing the basic functionality, here are ideas for more advanced features:

- Notifications via email and/or SMS.

## Team
Career Match was designed and implemented by:
- Cathy Kim
- Gerald Lee
- Ian Eshelman
- Jay Ramos
- Stephanie Aelmore

Commit message:

Added link to the Organization

index.md, after:

The Github Organization for this project can be found [here](https://github.com/career-match/)

## Overview 
(taken from [here](https://courses.ics.hawaii.edu/ics314f21/morea/final-project/reading-project-company-connector.html) as a starting point)  
_The problem_: Many UH computer science and engineering students want to learn about internship and job opportunities, but currently they must wait until a company decides to visit the campus or send out some sort of announcement. There is no efficient way for students to understand the “landscape” of internship and job opportunities that might be available in the future, so they can prepare for them now.  

_The solution_: The Company Connector web application provides a new way for local and non-local companies who want to recruit students from UH to make their (potential) opportunities known to students. At the same time, students can create profiles on the site with their interests. The site can match students to employers and vice-versa.  

## Approach
Instead of sending out announcements each year, a company can create a page in the site that lists:  

- A brief overview of the company.
- Geographic location of the company.
- A list of positions that they commonly recruit for from new UH graduates. Each position has a brief description, a set of skills, whether it’s an internship, permanent position, or both, how many people they would like to hire, and salary range.
- Links to pages for additional information.
- Contact email(s) for followup.

Students who visit the site can create a profile with their interests (skills), preferred geographic location, and link to their professional portfolio page.  

Admins can monitor the site for inappropriate content, and create new categories of musical tastes, capabilities, and goals.  

Some mockup pages include:

- Landing page
- Student home page.
- Company home page
- Admin home page
- Student profile page.
- Company profile page
- Browse companies and users by skill, geographic preference, etc.

## User Guide


### Landing page
The landing page is the first page presented to the user. Helps with vistor to understand the features of the site.

### Student home page
The student home page is the page presented to the user who logged in as a student.

### Company home page
The company home page is the page presented to the user who logged in as a recruiter. 

### Admin home page
The admin home page is the page for the admin.

### Student profile page
The student profile page is a page presented to the user with list of the profiles of students.

### Company profile page
The company profile page is a page presented to the user with a list of the profiles of the company with descriptions.

### Browse companies and users by skill, geographic preference
The page where users can search the companies by skills and geographic preference. 


## Use case ideas
Whether or not the following bullet points list all pages or not, the completed use case should show an end-to-end scenario of using the system.

- New user goes to landing page, logs in, gets home page, sets up profile. (How do they learn how system works?)
- Admin goes to landing page, logs in, gets home page, edits site.
- User goes to landing page, logs in, finds companies with compatible interests, contacts them.

## Beyond the basics
After implementing the basic functionality, here are ideas for more advanced features:

- Notifications via email and/or SMS.

## Team
Career Match was designed and implemented by:
- Cathy Kim
- Gerald Lee
- Ian Eshelman
- Jay Ramos
- Stephanie Aelmore
